Doré is a fashion app created to make the process of casting models for photoshoots and other projects more efficient and organized. The goal of the app is to streamline the connection between casting directors and models while also giving upcoming models more recognition in the fashion industry.
With Doré, users can register either as a model or a casting director. Models can build an online portfolio by uploading posts such as headshots, along with creating a short bio, adding their location, and listing their measurements. This allows casting directors to easily view important details about potential talent in one spot.
For the casting directors, they can register their full name, email, and whatever companies and agencies they are a part of. They can browse a feed of model posts that functions similarly to a Pinterest’s home page, making it easier to discover and scout new models. They can also create casting call listings on their profiles for upcoming shoots or projects. Models are able to apply directly to these listings through an application associated with each casting call, allowing casting directors to review and manage applicants in an organized way.
For future implementation, I want to make a messaging system on the app so that casting directors can shoot protected messages to the models similar to Linkedin. I want to establish a lot of verification like having casting directors verify themselves to prove that they are true and also maybe open this platform to also fashion designers, and photographers who also need models to fit clothing pieces or help with photography projects.